docs: Sync readme with go-pdk (#24)
extism/dotnet-pdk: README.md

Compile with this command:
```
dotnet build
```

This will create a `MyPlugin.wasm` file in `bin/Debug/net8.0/wasi-wasm/AppBundle`. Now, you can try out your plugin by using any of the [Extism SDKs](https://extism.org/docs/category/integrate-into-your-codebase) or by using [Extism CLI](https://extism.org/docs/install)'s `run` command:
```
extism call .\bin\Debug\net8.0\wasi-wasm\AppBundle\MyPlugin.wasm greet --input "Benjamin" --wasi
# => Hello, Benjamin!
```

> **Note:** Currently wasi must be provided for all .NET plug-ins even if they don't need system access.

## More Exports: Error Handling
Suppose we want to re-write our greeting function to never greet Benjamis. We can use `Pdk.SetError`:

C#:
```csharp
[UnmanagedCallersOnly(EntryPoint = "greet")]
public static int Greet()
{
    var name = Pdk.GetInputString();
    if (name == "Benjamin")
    {
        Pdk.SetError("Sorry, we don't greet Benjamins!");
        return 1;
    }

    var greeting = $"Hello, {name}!";
    Pdk.SetOutput(greeting);

    return 0;
}
```

F#:
```fsharp
[<UnmanagedCallersOnly(EntryPoint = "greet")>]
let Greet () =
    let name = Pdk.GetInputString()
    if name = "Benjamin" then

>         Pdk.SetError("Sorry, we don't greet Benjamins!")

Reviewer: this is an outrage!

>         Pdk.SetError("Sorry, we don't greet Benjamins!")

Author: hahaha i guess it's not their lucky day

type Add = { A: int; B: int }
type Sum = { Result: int }

[<UnmanagedCallersOnly>]
let add () =
    let inputJson = Pdk.GetInputString()
    let options = JsonSerializerOptions(PropertyNameCaseInsensitive = true)
    let parameters = JsonSerializer.Deserialize<Add>(inputJson, options)
    
    let sum = { Result = parameters.A + parameters.B }
    let outputJson = JsonSerializer.Serialize(sum, options)
    
    Pdk.SetOutput(outputJson)
    0
```

```
extism call .\bin\Debug\net8.0\wasi-wasm\AppBundle\readmeapp.wasm --wasi add --input='{"a": 20, "b": 21}'
# => {"Result":41}
```

## Configs

Configs are key-value pairs that can be passed in by the host when creating a plug-in. These can be useful to statically configure the plug-in with some data that exists across every function call. Here is a trivial example using Pdk.TryGetConfig:

C#:
```csharp
[UnmanagedCallersOnly(EntryPoint = "greet")]
public static int Greet()
{
    if (!Pdk.TryGetConfig("user", out var user)) {
        throw new InvalidOperationException("This plug-in requires a 'user' key in the config");
    }

    var greeting = $"Hello, {user}!";
    Pdk.SetOutput(greeting);

    return 0;
}
```

F#:
```fsharp

> [<UnmanagedCallersOnly(EntryPoint = "greet")>]
> let Greet () =
>     let mutable user : string = null
>     let success = Pdk.TryGetConfig( "user", &user)
>     if not success then
>             raise (new System.Exception(sprintf "Key '%s' not found" "user"))
> 
>     let greeting = $"Hello, {user}!"
>     Pdk.SetOutput(greeting)
>     0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[<UnmanagedCallersOnly(EntryPoint = "greet")>]
let Greet () =
    match Pdk.TryGetConfig "user" with
    | true, user ->
        let greeting = $"Hello, {user}!"
        Pdk.SetOutput(greeting)
        0
    | false, _ ->
        failwith "This plug-in requires a 'user' key in the config"
```

> ```

Reviewer: Committed these suggestions, thank you!

To test it, the [Extism CLI](https://github.com/extism/cli) has a --config option that lets you pass in key=value pairs:
```
extism call .\bin\Debug\net8.0\wasi-wasm\AppBundle\MyPlugin.wasm --wasi greet --config user=Benjamin
# => Hello, Benjamin!
```

## Variables
Variables are another key-value mechanism but it's a mutable data store that will persist across function calls. These variables will persist as long as the host has loaded and not freed the plug-in.

C#:
```csharp
[UnmanagedCallersOnly]
public static int count()
{
    int count = 0;
    if (Pdk.TryGetVar("count", out var memoryBlock))
    {
        count = BitConverter.ToInt32(memoryBlock.ReadBytes());
    }
    count += 1;
    Pdk.SetVar("count", BitConverter.GetBytes(count));
    Pdk.SetOutput(count.ToString());
    return 0;
}
```

F#:

> ```fsharp
> [<UnmanagedCallersOnly>]
> let count () =
>     let mutable count = 0
>     let mutable buffer : MemoryBlock = null
> 
>     if Pdk.TryGetVar("count", &buffer) then
>         count <- BitConverter.ToInt32(buffer.ReadBytes())
>     
>     count <- count + 1
>     let countBytes = BitConverter.GetBytes(count)
>     
>     Pdk.SetVar("count", countBytes)
>     Pdk.SetOutput(count.ToString())
>     
>     0
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```fsharp
[<UnmanagedCallersOnly>]
let count () =

    let count =
        match Pdk.TryGetVar "count" with
        | true, buffer ->
            BitConverter.ToInt32(buffer.ReadBytes())
        | false, _ ->
            0
    
    let count = count + 1

    Pdk.SetVar("count", BitConverter.GetBytes(count))
    Pdk.SetOutput(count.ToString())
    
    0
```
```
